Okay, so now I'll be showcasing the features
of being a tournament organizer
and actually setting up these tournaments
and creating a bracket,
as well as the user side of things,
where they can register for these tournaments.
So firstly, we'll act as a tournament organizer.
We're going to create our own account
and select Tournament Organizer.
Then, once we're into the actual dashboard,
we can create our own tournament.
For this, we're just going to create
a weekly tournament,
so we can just say "weekly tourney."
For the game, we can just pick one —
let's say Street Fighter.
Okay, so this is us getting
the tournament actually set up.
Obviously, we currently have zero entries
because we just created it.
Now we're going to join this
from the user side,
so we're going to create a user.
Okay, then we'll go with Player.
From here we can see that the weekly tournament
we created as the organizer account pops up.
We can click that
and go sign up for this tourney.
We select our display name,
and it lets us know the game we're playing.
Then we just confirm our registration.
Now if we go back to the dashboard,
we can see there's now one entrant — which is us —
and that's our active tournament.
Now I'll be showcasing that this feature
works on a different size screen.
This is simulating a phone, showing our dynamic UI
that can adapt to different browser sizes.